these babies have been born into war and
little miam's family fears for her
future displaced twice her mother and
grandmother moved to Rafa after Israel
told people to
evacuate we came to these tents here
while she was still a newborn she was
born into war here in Rafa we are
deprived of everything and this is all
she's seen the
world a few weeks old and already struck
by tragedy two of little miam's
grandparents have been killed her mother
is in
shock the parents have no one left it
was horrific the mother was in complete
shock when she found herself giving
birth one minute and losing her family
the other how is this
possible Miriam is having to survive
with little protection except for these
blankets and her grandmother's
arms many displaced children in southern
Gaza spend their formative weeks laying
in cold damp tents they lack food and
clothes diapers milk and even water are
hard to come
by as you can see these babies don't
have shelter they were not washed since
the day they were born they are a month
old now and have not been B it yet do
you see the space they're living in
nearly 8,000 children have been killed
since the start of Israel's air and
ground offensive on
Gaza the World Health Organization is
warning of high risks of diseases like
jaundice and
diarrhea but there are only a few
functional hospitals in the south of
Gaza doctors there struggle to meet the
needs of pregnant women and newborns
this mother is concerned for her baby
tolene the situation is extremely
difficult we don't eat enough so she's
not getting breast milk and the baby
gets scared Whenever there are air
strikes she wakes up and cries all the
time due to the
shakes for little miam and little tolene
the future looks terrifying and
unforgiving their families can only pray
for a clean room to B them and a safe
place to raise
them Al
jaaz